what you doing uh just playing a little
game of here ha ha destiny is that good
oh yeah it's good what's the story you
don't know the story Wow all right we'll
pop some popcorn you and me are going on
an adventure I'm dying a popping pop fun
okay your loss we start in the games
past which is our future humanity is
visited by a being called the traveler
which hovers above Mars and brings
mankind at Golden Age of Technology
sounds like a pretty cool guy just
listen
the travelers ancient enemy the darkness
returns to extinguish humanity and the
traveler so this guy's a Fae the dark
and he's stuck in a room with no light
the traveler is a sphere the size of a
small moon it is not a man
oh the traveler was defeated by the
darkness but before it died gave us
ghosts that's where we come in we have
to take our ghosts to the moon to get
the sword whatever okay I have a lot of
questions save them on the moon you meet
stranger he tells you to go to the reef
where the Queen insists that you bring
her the head of gate Lord all right let
me stop you there it seems to me like
all these things are placeholder names
that they never went back in and made
cooler yeah okay like what like gate
Lord with gate Lord what's wrong with
gate Lord gate Lord rules I wish I was
gate Lord how about the darkness
oh they okay give me a better name than
the darkness uh soul eaters soul eaters
Oh like the PSP game that already exists
mr. plagiarism and the darkness is
already a band yeah and they rule well
this all sounds really confusing and
pretty lame okay mr. dismissive you
didn't even let me get to Rasputin let
me guess it's another moon sphere No
the Russian well I guess I'm too stupid
for destiny then all right well I guess
your destiny is to golf then because I'm
going to be shooting stuff all night
wait you can shoot people in this game
yeah you could shoot yeah did you not
know that no yeah that's all you do you
just shoot everybody in sight oh you go
to the morning you shoot people you kill
everyone you see this shit everyone yeah
I love this
yeah it's murder oh my god